
## Langchain - Large Language Model Q&A Application

Welcome to Langchain, a powerful application that utilizes OpenAI's GPT-3.5-turbo for question and answer tasks. This repository includes a Streamlit-based user interface and example notebooks demonstrating how to combine multiple chains, use sequential chains, and integrate chat models with OpenAI's language models.

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/LLM_Model_Langchain.git
    ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**
    ```bash
    cd langchain
    ```

3. **Install the required dependencies:**
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4. **Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your OpenAI API key:**
    ```env
    OPENAI_API_KEY=your-api-key
    ```

### Usage - Streamlit App

To run the Streamlit app, execute the following command in your terminal:

```bash
streamlit run streamlit_app.py

# Usage - Streamlit App

Visit the provided URL in your web browser to interact with the Langchain Q&A demo. Enter a question in the input box and click the "Ask the question" button to get a response generated by the GPT-3.5-turbo model.

## Example Notebooks

In the `notebooks` folder, you will find example notebooks demonstrating different ways to use Langchain:

### Combining Multiple Chains:

- `combining_multiple_chains.ipynb` provides insights into how to combine multiple language chains for enhanced performance.

### Sequential Chain Usage:

- `sequential_chain_example.ipb` showcases how to use Langchain in a sequential chain, allowing for a more dynamic interaction.

### ChatModel with ChatOpenAI Integration:

- `chatmodel_with_chatopenai.ipynb` guides you on integrating chat models with OpenAI's language models, including prompt models, language models, and output parsers.

Feel free to explore and adapt these examples to suit your specific use cases.

## Important Note

Ensure you have the necessary permissions and comply with OpenAI's usage policies when using the OpenAI API. Always protect sensitive information, especially API keys.

## Contributors

- GreatClasher

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Feel free to contribute, open issues, or provide feedback to make Langchain even more versatile and user-friendly!

